# Dictionaries VS Lists

**Lists** and **dictionaries** are similar structures for holding information, with a few key differences. 

## Lists

A list is a collection of _ordered_  information. When appending to a list, we can confidently state that the data we append will be at the end 
of the list. Likewise, if we use the list.insert(index, data) function, we know that the data we provide will be inserted at the index 
we specify.

It's important to note that when we iterate through a list, we will iterate through it in order. With the list `[1,2,3]`, we will
iterate through the list in that order.

There are many cases where order is important. Take, for example, Section 6, which covered sorting. Of course, a sorted group of numbers is 
ordered data. 

## Dictionaries

A dictionary is a collection of _unordered keys and values_. A key is a reference that we can use to "ping" some value. For example, if
we were to redo our 8th assignment (chess), a dictionary would be extremely useful. We could have the name of a piece be the key, and 
use that to "ping" its point value.

```python
chess_pieces = {
  "Pawn":1,
  "Knight":3.5,
  "Bishop":3,
  "King":0,
  "Rook":5,
  "Queen":10
}
```

Note that the pieces are seemingly in some random order. **We don't need the pieces to be in any order - we just need to
be able to reference a piece's point value with its name key.**

This has an important side effect. When we iterate through this dictionary, we will not iterate through it in the same order in which 
we've inserted everything. Here, when we iterate through `chess_pieces`, we might see `"Bishop"` come first.

## 

Some questions to think about:
- When you iterate through a list, you do so with code resembling `for item in list: ...`. How would you iterate through a dictionary?
- Is there anything you can't store inside a list or dictionary? Functions? Class objects?
- We know about nested lists. Can a nested dictionary exist?
